[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief".
You know, there are
people on this planet
who just go with the herd.
And then there are others who
question the herd, the group.
Today, I'd like to be joined by
forensic engineer and scientist
Dr. Judy Wood.
She has been seeking the
truth for more than 20 years.
Dr. Wood, welcome back
to "Beyond Belief".
>>JUDY WOOD: Well, thank
you so much for having me.
>>NOORY: And how is Judy?
>>WOOD: Doing better.
>>NOORY: Good.
Good.
You know, I can't believe
so many years have gone
by since 9/11, this tragedy.
>>WOOD: Yep.
>>NOORY: But it continues to
change and evolve, doesn't it?
>>WOOD: Right.
It's a big effect on humanity.
And if 9/11 hadn't
happened, I used
to say it was an attack
on human consciousness,
and it made people
brain damaged.
>>NOORY: It did.
>>WOOD: Fear-based mind control.
That if that hadn't happened,
what's happened since then
would not have
been able to occur.
>>NOORY: And it
still hasn't stopped.
>>WOOD: Right.
>>NOORY: I mean, we're
still in Afghanistan.
We're still in Iraq.
These things haven't stopped.
>>WOOD: And every
9/11, each year,
you get a booster
shot of the PSYOPs.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>WOOD: So people won't start
thinking for themselves.
>>NOORY: What drives you, Judy?
You don't let this story go.
How come?
>>WOOD: What kind of world
do I want to live in?
And what kind of world do I want
my fellow humans to live in?
It's great to be
in an area where
you can do what you want to do
when you want to do it and be
responsible for yourself.
If you want to grow
chickens, you can.
If you want to go
hiking, you can.
If you want to go play
basketball, you can.
You're not told what
to do, when to do it.
But that's changing.
>>NOORY: Let's review just
for a little bit, Judy.
And then we're going to
talk about some new issues
with this tragedy.
But the official story is
that four planes were hijacked
and two hit the World
Trade Center towers.
Another hit the Pentagon.
And another one crashed in
Shanksville, Pennsylvania.
It did not reach its
originated target.
I think we may have
shot that one down.
>>WOOD: As the story goes.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: In your opinion,
what do you think's going on?
Because you've
written a book about,
you know, where have
the towers gone.
And--
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: --"Where Did the
Towers Go?", there it is.
>>WOOD: And that's the
question that people
should have been asking.
>>NOORY: What did you see
to do this kind of research?
>>WOOD: Where did the rubble go?
>>NOORY: I mean,
we saw the planes.
The planes did
hit the buildings.
We saw things like that.
>>WOOD: We saw what we
thought could be planes,
but planes don't turn
buildings into powder
in midair, whether real
planes and fake planes.
The buildings turned
into powder in midair.
Most of the buildings
turn to powder in midair.
>>NOORY: Like demolition?
>>WOOD: No, those turn
buildings into chunks.
Controlled demolition
blows chunks, not powder.
And you could see a chunk
falling and just trailing dust
until it runs out of dust, never
hitting the ground because it's
just all dust.
>>NOORY: And you're watching
this, right, on television?
>>WOOD: Right.
>>NOORY: And you're saying,
there's something wrong here.
>>WOOD: And the worst
day of my life was 9/11.
In the faculty conference room,
I was looking at the TV screen.
Everybody was watching it.
And I'm like, you guys
aren't buying this?
I mean, something
weird is going on here.
See this building
frothing up into dust.
And they looked at me like, what
kind of a wacko did we hire?
Am I insane?
Or is the rest of world insane?
So I went up to my
office, and that's
when I came up with a
billiard ball analogy.
And I end up showing
it to a colleague.
And I asked, is this right?
And he said, of course, it is.
Are you having a senior moment?
This was like, you
know, kids play.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: And then I applied
it to 9/11, suddenly,
his brain locked up.
That's when I knew there was
some weird effect on majority
of the population.
>>NOORY: Well, I
remember the first time
you were on "Coast
To Coast" with us,
and we talked about these
buildings collapsing.
And you were talking
about your theories.
I, even for a moment,
sat back and went, whoa,
where did this come from?
>>WOOD: It wasn't a theory.
Like this book is all evidence.
And I didn't have to
revise anything of it.
You can't disprove facts.
And so there's nothing
in there to disprove.
I believe in looking
at the evidence
and following the evidence
because it's so critical.
And one thing you
said way back then
was, well, you know,
what would this be about?
Well, one thing if you
want to take over the US,
you don't go in the front
door because the US military
will come get you.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>WOOD: You poof the towers.
That's what I call it.
Not really clouds.
Poof it into dust.
And then you get people fighting
about his fault, his fault,
his fault. You get people
fighting with each other.
And then they hate the
government so badly
they want any government
but the one they have.
Then you walk in the front
door, and they welcome you
with open arms.
>>NOORY: They beg you--
>>WOOD: Yes.
>>NOORY: --to help them.
>>WOOD: And that's what I
fear is coming to fruition.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
After all these
years, anything new?
>>WOOD: Not really with 9/11.
I mean, the facts
are still the facts.
The building turning
mostly into dust in midair.
There is really gruesome stuff.
And that's not needed
to see what happened.
>>NOORY: There's
still a controversy
about building seven that
got hit with some rubble,
but not enough to see it
collapse like the other two.
>>WOOD: Oh, even
that, NIST folks even
acknowledged that
there wasn't enough,
even when the towers one
and two each 500,000 tons
went away, that there
wasn't enough of an impact
to cause any disruption in
the gas lines underground.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>WOOD: That should ask you--
>>NOORY: Buildings just
don't go down like that.
>>WOOD: Well, it was
turning dust all afternoon.
You see all the material
pouring out of it all afternoon.
>>NOORY: Constantly.
Boom.
>>WOOD: Right.
>>NOORY: There's a new study
out about building seven.
Let's take a look.
I want to get your
reaction to it.
>>WOOD: OK.
>>NOORY: Here we are.
[BEGIN VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> Whoa, whoa, whoa!
[SIRENS]
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: That's just
absolutely staggering.
>>WOOD: Notice the other
side of the building
had all the dust material
pouring out of the building.
>>NOORY: Just puffing out.
>>WOOD: Because the wind
was out of the North,
and you're looking
at the North face.
And it's all coming out of the
South face from ground to roof.
>>NOORY: What was the recent
study that just came out?
>>WOOD: There were
asked to by the truthers
to prove that it was bombs
in the building that did it.
They couldn't prove that.
And after two years--
well, first, they
were supposed to prove that
the official story was wrong.
That it was fires or something.
But then they extended their
study a couple of more years,
and they still couldn't
show what did it.
And let me read to you
the conclusion from that.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>WOOD: It is our conclusion,
based upon these findings,
that the collapse of WTC Seven
was a global failure involving
the near simultaneous failure
of all columns in the building.
All columns in the building.
And not a progressive
collapse involving
sequential failures or columns
throughout the building.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>WOOD: Now, don't let
that play tricks on you.
Think of what a
controlled demolition is.
Bang, bang, bang, bang,
bang, bang, bang, bang.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>WOOD: This part starts
folding on that part.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: And down it goes.
>>WOOD: It's not simultaneous.
And here, they just
discovered that it
was a near simultaneous failure
of all columns in the building.
They don't do that with
controlled demolition.
They get key columns that will
cause things to collapse in.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>WOOD: And so all columns in
the building, in other words,
the building was
turning to dust midair.
And then later in an interview,
the main professor in that,
Professor Hulsey stated
this is the first time
that I've seen a failure come
down where concrete was powder
instead of broken into chunks.
>>NOORY: Powder.
Which is exactly what
you've been saying.
>>WOOD: Yep.
>>NOORY: I saw some
video of the Riviera
in Las Vegas being taken down
by controlled demolition.
And you're right, it's--
>>WOOD: The chunks come down.
>>NOORY: --done in little
chunks and segments.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
And you hear a bang, bang, bang,
bang, and they get the sequence
just right--
>>NOORY: Like firecrackers.
>>WOOD: --so it
falls in on itself.
And then the chunks
are on the ground
where they can be hauled away.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
This was just pulverized.
>>WOOD: All afternoon.
You see, except for the outer
surface, all the insides,
you see the dust.
There was a lot of material
leaving the building.
>>NOORY: You sent us a
clip about Ocean Tower
and then the collapse of the
World Trade Center Seven.
[BEGIN VIDEO PLAYBACK]
Fire.
[BANGING]
>>NOORY: That's like
the Riviera, Judy.
Yeah, same thing.
Where is that?
>>WOOD: It was in Texas.
[END PLAYBACK]
Compare that with
building seven.
[BEGIN VIDEO PLAYBACK]
This is building seven.
>> Real quick.
>> Hold on.
Yeah, we're quick.
Going to take two
seconds to fire this up.
Hold on.
>> Go.
>> Your name, ma'am?
>>BARBARA CROWLEY:
Barbara Crowley.
>> C-R- O-W- L-E-Y?
>>CROWLEY: NYU Medical Center.
>> OK.
Tell me what you know.
>>CROWLEY: All I know at
this point is they're trying
to establish an outdoor
hospital facility,
like we've set up at Chelsea
Piers, a triage unit--
>> Like a triage.
>>CROWLEY: --for
the personnel that
are attending to the scene, not
to the injured in the scene.
They can't get into getting
casualties out at this time.
They don't know the extent
of it at this point.
What we're doing now is going
up to get medical supplies
to bring down trauma
physicians down here
to set up the surgical
unit and the triage unit
down here in addition to if
anybody out there can help,
any vendors who have
food or supplies,
the firemen have no
food, nothing but snacks.
They need fluids.
They need water.
And they need protein foods.
This is just the beginning
of what they're facing.
And we need masks.
We need TB masks.
Holy shit!
What is it?
>> Something just went down.
>>CROWLEY: What just went down?
>> World Trade Seven.
>>CROWLEY: It did
go down before.
>> No, seven, number seven.
>>CROWLEY: Oh my god!
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Judy, what
unbelievable timing.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: My god.
>>WOOD: That she was
getting interviewed.
And there's a bunch of people,
spectators, around watching.
And they're gasping [GASP].
And she's like, she had no idea.
>>NOORY: She had no idea.
No.
>>WOOD: No sound of boom,
boom, boom, boom, boom.
>>NOORY: Nothing.
It just--
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Buildings
don't go down like that.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
It was whisper quiet.
>>NOORY: Tell us the kind
of particle beam weaponry
you think might have been used.
>>WOOD: Oh, I don't go into
what I think or believe.
>>NOORY: You don't?
>>WOOD: I just do into evidence.
>>NOORY: Just your facts?
>>WOOD: Yeah, just the evidence.
And the evidence
shows you plenty.
>>NOORY: Well, what do you
think happened to that building?
>>WOOD: There was
an energy field.
You know, this field effects
that were happening there.
>>NOORY: Vibration
added or something?
>>WOOD: There's various
kinds of energy fields.
And the best example
is a cell phone.
You don't know
where the tower is.
You don't care--
>>NOORY: You don't care.
>>WOOD: --as long as
the cell phone works.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>WOOD: But you need both.
And that's an example
of interference.
You know?
That you need both signals.
So if you have, let's say,
John Hutchison's work,
you have a static
field and interfere
within that radio frequency
signals, weird things happen.
>>NOORY: Now, in your book,
"Where Did the Towers Go?"
when you first came out with
it, there were several camps.
One was Dr. Judy
Wood is right on.
And then there's the
other camp that said,
what is she talking about?
Has the perception
of what you've
done since you wrote this
book changed a little bit more
in the favor of
what you've said?
>>WOOD: Oh, yeah.
None have gone the other way.
But if you want
to run a cover-up,
you have to have several doors
for people to go through.
And you keep them busy
looking at those doors.
Like if you don't like
the lie behind door number
one, the official
story, they'll show you
the lie behind door number two.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: Thermite
bombs in the building.
And if you don't
like that, well, we
have the super duper
new improved thermite.
Whatever they're
doing is to occupy you
from turning around and
looking at the wide open field
of evidence behind you
and thinking for yourself.
And it's taken
some people a while
to get out of the mindset,
to get out of door number
two or three.
And once they do, oh my gosh,
and they see what's going on.
And that is a trick that works
with about anything, including
card tricks.
They get people looking
elsewhere or focusing elsewhere
and asking the wrong questions.
>>NOORY: And when they
talk about government
being involved in
this, I think there's
a different group out there.
>>WOOD: I call it the crew.
>>NOORY: The crew.
>>WOOD: You don't have
to identify who it is.
>>NOORY: Let me
tell you, when we
saw the picture of
President George Bush, when
he was in that classroom.
And somebody came up to me and
whispered what had happened,
he was like totally dumbfounded.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: He didn't
know what was going on.
>>WOOD: Right.
>>NOORY: He wasn't part of this.
There's something else afoot
here to create the illusion.
And here we are.
>>WOOD: Remember what I said?
If you want to take over the
country or all countries,
you get them fighting
amongst themselves.
And then you walk
in the front door,
and they welcome
you with open arms.
You don't do it immediately.
You don't do a direct hit.
>>NOORY: That's a
brilliant scheme.
>>WOOD: Yep.
>>NOORY: Understanding
human nature.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
And you also make sure
they have doors one, two,
and three to pick from.
>>NOORY: Does it scare you that
things like this can happen?
>>WOOD: Yeah.
But our life is,
you know, to me,
life is a set of experiences.
So I've had more life
than about anybody I know.
And we're along for the ride.
We're here to learn
from our surroundings.
And just burying your head in
the sand, what good is that?
You don't learn anything.
>>NOORY: Are there any other
officials or organizations that
agree with you based on this?
>>WOOD: They can't afford to.
>>NOORY: They'd lose
it all, don't they?
>>WOOD: Right.
Right.
And you also look
at who's allowed
to say what in the media.
You know?
Like, all the talk
of chem trails.
People notice these
marks in the sky.
And then they're introduced
this term of chem trails.
And then that becomes
OK to talk about.
That's lie behind
door number two.
And you know that
that can't be what
the deal is because they're
allowed to talk about it.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>WOOD: The people
who are assassinated
for talking about it.
And there's other things
that I've noticed,
you know, physical examples
that would compare to that,
like air handling system
for a big office building.
When the air comes through
the intake into the filter,
they put a static charge on it.
And that gets the particles
to stick into bigger particles
to get trapped in the
mechanical filter.
So let's say you have
this static environment.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>WOOD: Static charge
the environment.
And the airplane flies through
it with pressure changes.
Perhaps it causes
the contaminants
in the air to stick together
and then precipitate out.
But they don't want you to
look at what might actually
be going on.
They give you a placebo to
hang on to so you stop looking.
>>NOORY: Has your belief
system affected your career
or anything like that?
Has there been--
>>WOOD: Oh, for sure.
>>NOORY: --any fallout for you?
I mean, that was
a one-way ticket.
>>NOORY: But you're
not backing down?
>>WOOD: No.
And I remember when I first
brought this up to my mom,
it was around 2004, saying I
got to start talking about this.
And she said, well, if you
do, you'll lose your career.
You won't have a job.
And I said, well, if
I don't, no one will.
And look where we are.
>>NOORY: Is that
why you did this?
>>WOOD: It had to get done.
>>NOORY: To go
forward with this?
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Because you
could have stayed quiet.
>>WOOD: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: You know?
>>WOOD: Yeah, and I had up to
that point because I thought,
OK, the grown ups are
going to take care of it.
And I'll do my work and my job.
And then I started seeing
that the grown ups weren't
going to take care of it.
And then, whose job is
it to take care of it?
It's ours.
It's our planet.
And so I needed to
start talking about it.
>>NOORY: How do you
think this was concocted?
>>WOOD: If somebody wants
to control the planet,
they can do a whole lot
of different things.
There's a whole
lot of technologies
that we aren't told about.
And I like to use realistic
examples to show that.
Tornadoes.
Imagine if somebody
weaponized a tornado?
>>NOORY: Oh, my god.
And directionally--
>>WOOD: Yep.
>>NOORY: --could control it.
Or a hurricane.
>>WOOD: Yep.
>>NOORY: Same thing.
Which they may.
Who knows?
>>WOOD: Oh, yeah.
After all, this a category
three hurricane moving
towards Manhattan on 9/11.
And they didn't warn anybody.
Why would they not warn anybody?
Were they 100% sure of
where it was going to go?
>>NOORY: What gives credence to
some of the things you've said,
when you look back
to the Vietnam War,
the Gulf of Tonkin,
in those days--
>>WOOD: They could
control the weather.
>>NOORY: --they
controlled everything.
And for Americans to think our
government would make this up.
>>WOOD: Or somebody
somewhere would.
>>NOORY: Or somebody
within government
would make up this story to
get us involved in a war.
Nah.
That couldn't be.
Well, subsequently, we found out
that's exactly what they did.
It's criminal.
>>WOOD: Yep.
And they know how people work.
And people are willing
to give up their freedoms
if you scare them enough.
>>NOORY: Do these people,
whoever they may be--
>>WOOD: Or creatures or
whatever you want to call them.
>>NOORY: --do they think
we're naive and stupid?
>>WOOD: That a lot of people
like to follow the herd,
that that becomes
more important.
You can look up ask
conformity experiments.
If people are willing
to give the wrong
answer just to be able to
blend in with everyone else.
Like, someone might say
that two times two is five.
Well, another group says it six.
Another group says it's seven.
Hmm, you know there's more
people that say it's six.
That's why I'll say it's six.
And they stop using
their own brains.
>>NOORY: So people get a lot of
their information these days,
Judy, from mainstream
media, from the mainstream.
I'd like to think they
listen to "Coast to Coast"
and get the inside information.
But they get it from mainstream.
Is that dangerous for them?
>>WOOD: They're told what
their thoughts should
be, rather than just observe.
You know, like on 9/11,
why was every single TV
station airing the same story?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: In unison.
And non-stop.
>>NOORY: It's the
herd mentality.
>>WOOD: Right.
And each 9/11 each year,
we're reminded of it.
So like a booster shot of the
PSYOP Instead of just looking,
can't you see these buildings
turn into powder in midair?
You know, coming down?
And look at other
pieces of information,
like building seven made a
0.6 on the Richter scale.
That's like a snowfall.
>>NOORY: Well, you know,
like the JFK assassination,
we continue to wonder
what really happened.
What did we really know?
And that's another case
where things have been just
swept right under the carpet.
And people just
move on, assuming
we're not going to follow-up.
We're not going to investigate.
And we don't forget it.
I mean, every year
on the radio show,
we do a JFK anniversary
and things like that.
Do they do they think
that we are foolish?
And that we're not
going to investigate?
>>WOOD: Yeah, doesn't it show?
Pretty much the
majority of the people
will follow along with whatever
the TV is feeding them.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>WOOD: And where do they
get their information from?
But I have realized that,
like, the truthers that
would promote bombs in
the building or whatnot,
why that was so effective.
And if you want to
cover something up,
you know that people are
going to be asking questions
afterwards.
So you make an organization
someplace for them to go.
I call it a collection agency.
And then people are with others.
And they think that they're
on target going someplace.
But with all of these
things, something common
is with a scientific
investigation,
you must first
determine what happened.
>>NOORY: What happened.
>>WOOD: Before you can
say how it happened.
>>NOORY: Or why.
>>WOOD: You have to figure
out what it was that happened,
or who did it, and
why they did it.
And then you have people
arguing about how it happened,
who did it.
It forces you to
assume what it was.
And that's how it works.
That's what card tricks are.
>>NOORY: Was it building seven
that got you to think of this?
Or was it the overall thing?
>>WOOD: Oh, just
stuff in general,
because being a scientist
and an experimentalist,
I rely on data.
The empirical evidence is the
truth that theory must mimic.
Not the other way around.
Evidence.
And so that's why, you
just look at evidence.
And it's so important to
start from that direction
and have a lot of discipline.
It's easy to speculate and
to jump to conclusions.
But to determine what
happened is so vital.
There's lots of
examples of that.
And if people start relying
on models, then garbage in,
garbage out.
>>NOORY: Are there stories
that the media and authorities
continue to spin on us
that we just fall for?
>>WOOD: Obviously.
Obviously.
Like the recent
events in the news.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Viruses, for example.
>>WOOD: Yeah, we're
told to stay at home.
Well, I actually
have a good example
of why you must
first determine what
happened before you
jump to anything else,
because you'll not
solve the real problem.
You'll assume a wrong problem.
I have a quote by Bill Gates.
It was the 31st of March
in "The Washington Post".
>>NOORY: Of 2020?
>>WOOD: Yeah, of 2020.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>WOOD: See if you can
spot the game plan here.
First, we need a consistent
nationwide approach
to shutting down.
Despite urging from
public health experts,
some states and counties
haven't shut down completely.
In some states,
beaches are still open
and restaurants are still
serving sit down meals.
You notice the trickery?
That first statement.
First, we need a consistent
nationwide approach
to shutting down.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>WOOD: Not ask if we
should or shouldn't.
>>NOORY: Just do it.
>>WOOD: Yeah, do it.
And then he starts
focusing on details.
>>NOORY: And they've done it.
Because I think all
the states governors
were so petrified that they were
doing the wrong thing that they
had the jump on the bandwagon.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
You don't stop and
decide what's going
to happen if we shut down.
What's going to happen
if we don't shut down.
What are the ramifications
of all these things.
No, they just shut down.
>>NOORY: Back in 2019,
there were major fires
all over the place.
We've got some
pictures from NASA that
shows how extreme they are.
So let's look at these, Judy.
We're seeing the change
because of the fires, right?
>>WOOD: Well, we see fires.
>>NOORY: The fires are
the little orange spots.
>>WOOD: Yep.
>>NOORY: They're all over the
place, blanketed everywhere.
>>WOOD: Right.
There's a lot of questions
we need to ask ourself.
And first, determine
what happened, instead
of immediately jumping to the
conclusion of must've been
ray-beams from outer space.
>>NOORY: Now, the
power company has taken
some blame for some of this.
>>WOOD: Right.
But let's look at what all
has changed in this aspect.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>WOOD: And in the
Pacific Northwest,
I remember going on
hikes and so forth
and coming upon fire towers.
The lumber companies had to
protect their investment.
And they had people
manning the fire towers.
>>NOORY: What's a fire tower?
>>WOOD: It's a lookout tower so
you can see all the way around.
See, oh, there's some
smoke over there.
Let's go see.
>>NOORY: Get it fast.
>>WOOD: Yeah, get it fast.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>WOOD: Well, the national
parks and so forth,
the national land,
lumber companies
don't get to the harvest
lumber there anymore.
So they don't man
the fire towers.
So now, the fires can
get out of control
before they get stomped out.
That's one thing that's changed.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>WOOD: It shouldn't be minor.
And then we've had the
strange weather and things
get really dry, bone dry.
>>NOORY: But we've
always had that.
>>WOOD: You know,
different seasons.
Then you start look at what else
has changed in our environment.
Well, we have cell phone towers.
We have Wi-Fi.
We have smart meters.
You can go down this
long list of things,
all this electronic
pollution in our atmosphere.
>>NOORY: And it doesn't
take much to spark a fire--
>>WOOD: Right.
>>NOORY: --during a
drought situation.
>>WOOD: Right.
Like the Midwest
normally has tornadoes.
And in the summer
of 2008, we start
getting these mega tornadoes.
Humongous things that really
didn't exist much before it
became common.
Like Joplin, Missouri
and things like that.
And it turns out
that coincidentally
is February 2009
was the cutoff date
to switch to digital television.
So you can be sure--
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>WOOD: --that summer they're
installing brand new radio
frequency transmission towers.
>>NOORY: And Judy, there's this
herd mentality, Bill Gates,
for example, is a
proponent of vaccines.
He wants to get
America all vaccinated.
>>WOOD: And what's in them?
>>NOORY: And they scare
people to the point
where they run out
and get vaccines.
That's dangerous.
>>WOOD: You don't even
know what's in them.
>>NOORY: You don't.
No.
I mean, I know,
and probably you,
when we got the
polio vaccine, we've
got this tainted Simian
monkey virus in our system.
>>WOOD: I got polio from it.
>>NOORY: You did?
>>WOOD: Yes.
>>NOORY: From the vaccine?
>>WOOD: Yep.
And fortunately--
>>NOORY: My god.
>>WOOD: --I recovered from it.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>WOOD: It was in 1965.
>>NOORY: How old were you?
Just a little girl.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Right?
But there's so much stuff
that gets put out there
without our getting to choose.
Like this the recent
events in the news--
this, what, hydroxychloroquine?
Oh, we need to have
10 years of testing--
>>NOORY: The malaria drug.
>>WOOD: --to see if it's
going to help or not.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>WOOD: Double blind testing.
>>NOORY: Then they get one
study from China that says
it's not effective.
But then you have 20 other
people that says it is.
>>WOOD: Right.
But then when they
come up with a vaccine,
they don't do 20
years of study on
whether or not it's effective.
They immediately institute it.
That's the kind of
thing to worry about.
Do you know how microwave
ovens were first discovered?
>>NOORY: No.
>>WOOD: Percy Spencer--
>>NOORY: I do like them.
>>WOOD: Oh, yeah.
Percy Spencer was working
on transmission towers
for radio signals.
And he had a chocolate
bar in his pocket.
This was 1945.
>>NOORY: Oh, it got zapped.
>>WOOD: And it
turned into a puddle.
>>NOORY: Ah!
>>WOOD: And he got to thinking,
hmm, this is interesting.
Went back to the lab,
and built this box.
Steel box and put
the signals in it.
And the first piece that
was tested was a kernel of--
>>NOORY: Popcorn?
>>WOOD: Yep.
And then the next
piece was an egg.
And it exploded in
somebody's face.
>>NOORY: It exploded
inside of it.
>>WOOD: He worked for Raytheon.
And they first came out with
this and got a patent on it.
And called it the Radar Range.
And politically
incorrect, right?
So they changed the
name to something else.
But still, microwave
is a pretty drastic.
Now, you can't go
anywhere without somebody
pushing the flu
vaccine on television--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>WOOD: --at a drugstore.
It's all over the place.
[BEGIN VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> Today is checkup day for
Katie Marsh's eight-month-old
son, Emmett.
This visit requires
several vaccinations.
And Marsh has opted for Emmett
to get his first flu shot.
>>KATIE MARSH: I am a
nurse here at Hennepin.
And I see how bad
the flu can get.
And it's not what a
lot of people think.
You know, an upset
stomach and stuff.
People can get really sick.
>> Which is exactly why she's
willing to endure Emmett's loud
wails--
[BABY SCREAMING]
--all in the name of keeping
him safe and healthy.
>>MARSH: I am front lines
working in the hospital,
so I'm more likely to
bring things home too.
So I would like
my kids protected
as soon as they can be.
>> In her mind, the earlier the
flu shot is given, the better.
Many local drugstores
operate under the same theory
with signs displayed
prominently since mid-August.
Dr. Stacine Maroushek
says there is
a reason for that early push.
>>STACINE MAROUSHEK:
We never can predict
when the flu season comes.
And believe it or
not, you can see flu
at different times
throughout the year,
not just in the winter months.
We've seen cases in September.
We've seen them in May.
>> Yet, even if the flu
season peaks in the spring,
she still recommends people
get the vaccination once
it's available because they
usually last a full year.
>>MAROUSHEK: If you're one
of the families of the people
that sort of
vaccinate every year,
you're going to have
good protection.
If you're somebody
that maybe has only
had a first-time vaccine, then
it may not be as effective.
>> But she says it's still
better than having no vaccine
at all.
Katie Marsh isn't
taking any chances.
>>MARSH: If I can
give him a shot that
even cuts down that
percentage a little bit
that he could get sick,
I want to keep him safe.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: What do you think
a parent should do, Judy?
I mean, they want to
do the right thing.
They don't want to say, I
don't want to make a mistake
and not give my kid--
what do they do?
>>WOOD: You ever heard
the term snot nosed kids?
>>NOORY: Yes.
I never was one.
>>WOOD: Right.
But in elementary
school, kids get sick,
and they get each other sick.
And they develop an
immunity for life--
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>WOOD: --of all the
stuff that's going around.
Why give them shots that
you don't know really
what's in those shots?
And they naturally develop
immunity with each other.
And that's what was one
of the big red flags
when we're told to stay home.
They sent college kids home.
And they sent elementary
school kids home.
Well, college kids, that's the
opposite of what you should do.
Let them get sick,
get each other sick,
and they all
develop an immunity.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>WOOD: And they're
young and healthy.
And then let them go home.
Instead, they send them home
to infect their parents.
Now, there's something
that's come to my mind.
And I'm a baby that could
have been affected, but was
not because my mom
had a good doctor.
From 1938 to 1972, a long
time, they gave women DES.
It's a synthetic estrogen
to help keep them
from miscarrying the baby.
And unlike
thalidomide, which you
saw an immediate effect of--
>>NOORY: With the little
tiny flipper arms.
>>WOOD: Right.
Right.
The baby looked fine.
The reason why it took 34 years
to realize there was a problem
was when those children grew
up, especially the girls--
you talk about DES daughters.
When they grew up
and reached maturity,
they suddenly started getting
all sorts of cervical cancer,
breast cancer.
>>NOORY: Oh, my god.
>>WOOD: A huge amount that.
And infertility.
The boys were also affected with
underdeveloped sexual organs
and infertility.
And so this is something that
was not seen until later.
And I now have gone
back and looked,
and it's the grandchildren
that are also affected.
In other words, it's
affected the DNA.
>>NOORY: Is anybody
doing anything
for the good of the population,
or is it all sinister?
>>WOOD: Maybe it's
they get funding.
Was it Eisenhower in
his farewell address
was talking about the--
>>NOORY: Military
industrial complex.
>>WOOD: No, the academic
industrial complex,
where he could foresee
a time in the future
when government contracts
became a replacement
for intellectual curiosity.
And we're at that
stage where you're
paid to come up with an answer.
Not paid to find the truth.
>>NOORY: We're in a tense
time these days, Judy.
And part of me thinks it's a
wrestling of control of us.
>>WOOD: Yep.
>>NOORY: That it might be a test
to see how far they can push
before they do something else.
Do you feel that way too?
>>WOOD: Oh, for sure.
And that's why I think it's
so important for people
to look at what happened.
Before they go to who
did it or how they did it
or what not, look at
the evidence yourself,
and think of it yourself.
I call it knowledge
versus ideology.
You know, just buying
into the group think.
Knowledge is based on
your own information.
And as I often
like to say is know
what it is that you know
that you know and know
that everything
else you don't know.
Don't confuse the two.
And you say, well, I
kind of believe this
because that's what we're told.
No, that's ideology.
It's not knowledge.
>>NOORY: If we didn't have 9/11,
would people question things
as much as they are now?
>>WOOD: Not nearly as much.
>>NOORY: No.
Even you?
Would you be questioning?
>>WOOD: No, I
think 9/11 actually
has helped this along because
remember right afterwards,
we're getting these frisking
lines at the airport
and told what we can and
can't take on the plane.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>WOOD: Not even being
convinced that that anything
to do with what happened.
And there's more and more
rights getting taken away,
and people freely give it up.
There was an event
in Atlanta, Georgia
where a father put his kid
in the hot car in the summer
to die.
But there's cameras
that showed him going
to Chick-Fil-A in the morning.
And he's with the kid and
missing the very first turn,
which was take him to daycare.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>WOOD: Backing into
his parking space.
And exactly what he looked
up on the web all that day.
Watch him getting in his car.
Driving out of there
and driving to where--
all these what he
did was horrible,
but all these spy cameras.
>>NOORY: Well,
they're everywhere.
>>WOOD: Why have
people agreed to that?
Because of 9/11.
>>NOORY: I hate these red light
cameras at traffic signals.
>>WOOD: Right.
>>NOORY: I hate that.
Sometimes you're
sitting at night--
I mean, when I get off the
air at "Coast to Coast",
I'll sit at a light that
might be 10 minutes long.
>>WOOD: You're not
hurting anybody.
>>NOORY: There's nobody there.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Let me go.
>>WOOD: Yeah, it's control.
And a new kind of income, I
guess, for establishments.
>>NOORY: It's worse in
China, though, the control.
>>WOOD: Yeah, there's a
guy I know in China that I
had this conversation
with a few years
ago that they're afraid
of the government.
And at that time, I thought
what controlled people in the US
was group think
or peer pressure.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>WOOD: I think we're
changing into the fear
of the government.
>>NOORY: Why is there
this herd mentality, Judy?
>>WOOD: People feel
like they're safe.
Sometimes in my
presentations I've
started out with this
flock of birds taking off.
>>NOORY: They all go together.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
It says, which one knows
where they're going and why?
>>NOORY: That's right.
Who was the first one?
>>WOOD: Or deer getting spooked,
and they all run together
because safety in numbers.
>>NOORY: What are some
of the questions, Judy,
people should be
asking themselves
when they watch
mainstream media,
and they're looking at stories?
>>WOOD: What happened?
Where is the evidence?
And if you don't have
evidence, you've got nothing.
Well, that's a speculation.
And something I found in
common with 9/11, the weather
change, whatever you want
to call it, climate change--
>>NOORY: Climate change.
>>WOOD: --and the recent
events in the news where
they required us to stay home,
they all have in common models.
Not investigation of real data.
9/11, when they
had NIST study it,
they hired Applied
Research Associates
to come up with the
model of a maybe possibly
hypothetical scenarios,
what could have happened.
>>NOORY: Yeah, hypothetical.
>>WOOD: Yeah, nothing to do
with what really happened.
They actually
responded to my request
for a correction
saying that they didn't
investigate the collapse.
>>NOORY: The days of Walter
Cronkite, unfortunately,
are gone.
>>WOOD: [INAUDIBLE]
>>NOORY: I think.
>>WOOD: But people
rely on the media
as though they're still here.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
And they trust it.
>>WOOD: Actually, what to do?
Throw your TV out the window.
>>NOORY: Keep the radio.
>>WOOD: Yes.
And then choose what you're
going to be watching through
however, but the
network media, I
haven't had a TV for
many, many years.
And just tune out
stuff that's going on.
So then you tend to
hear stuff as more
abrupt to your consciousness.
Like these recent events, like
sending kids home from college.
When they're at school,
they can get each other sick
and develop a natural immunity.
And then they can't be
carriers of anything.
>>NOORY: You seem to be
very passionate about what
you talk about.
I've known you for years.
And you are dedicated
to what you talk about.
How come?
What drives you?
>>WOOD: I think it's
important for people
to learn to look at
what's in front of them
instead of assuming it.
And what kind of world
do you want to have?
One where everyone's controlled?
Or one where people
can think and choose
what they want to do
with their life and time?
Are they going to outlaw
playing musical instruments?
>>NOORY: Because you
don't play it well.
Who knows?
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And then
whose definition
is what playing well is?
>>WOOD: Or we're going
to have electronic music,
so you don't need to play
an instrument anymore.
But there's so much that gets
learned with that, with kids
playing music in high school.
And it's also shown
that it is a way
of helping against Alzheimer's
when people get older.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>WOOD: Because it develops
other pathways in the brain.
But to let people be free.
And to choose, don't
we want diversity?
>>NOORY: Did the 9/11
commission ever see your book,
"Where Did the Towers Go"?
>>WOOD: Actually,
I believe they did.
>>NOORY: Any reaction?
>>WOOD: Oh, no, no.
They ordered several
copies of the book,
but never hear about it.
>>NOORY: Signed copies?
>>WOOD: Yeah.
Because I'm one person,
and because the truther all
hated me, that that was keeping
under control pretty well.
>>NOORY: Sure, absolutely.
>>WOOD: So if it starts
getting larger and spreading,
then do something.
But right now, they have so
many ways of controlling people.
>>NOORY: You know Richard
Gage, the architect, right?
>>WOOD: Yeah, I know of him.
>>NOORY: And they have
their own theory, which is--
>>WOOD: They have a theory.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: And it's
not too far off,
other than the mechanism of how,
you two all agree that it did.
>>WOOD: Right.
But he doesn't believe in
looking at the evidence.
And actually, lies
about what's in my book.
Because he can't refute it, so
he makes up some other story
and tries to refute it.
>>NOORY: Right.
Right.
>>WOOD: And the
term space beams was
brought about by Stephen
Jones to get people deterred
from looking at my work.
Oh, she talks about laser beams
from outer space or something.
I'm just talking
about field effects.
You know, not specifying
exactly what it is.
But they keep everybody,
the thermite people
keep everyone on the same
page and going around circles.
And the fact that they had to
hire this Professor Hulsey,
doesn't that imply
that they don't know
how to investigate themselves?
>>NOORY: They don't.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
Where are we going to
be headed as a society,
as a people in
the next 10 years?
>>WOOD: Oh, I think it's going
to be decided in the next six
months.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>WOOD: At least as
to how much control
we want others to have of us.
And if we somehow squeak
by with this iteration,
there'll be more.
And look at all of the
electronic monitoring we have.
I was required to get a
new modem in my house.
I've always insisted on
having a non Wi-Fi one
and just have a plug-in modem.
>>NOORY: A plug-in type.
Yeah.
>>WOOD: They required
me to switch.
Why?
What kind of monitoring do
they want to do with that?
>>NOORY: Pray for us, Judy.
Will that work?
>>WOOD: I do.
I do.
>>NOORY: How do people
get a hold of you?
The website drjudywood.com?
>>WOOD: Yep.
>>NOORY: Doctor, D-R-?
>>WOOD: Drjudywood.com,
all one word.
And also, the book is
available on Amazon.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>WOOD: "Where Did
the Towers Go?".
And think about the
question that people
should have been asking.
Look at that picture.
Is that a collapse?
>>NOORY: I've had half my
friends ask me for your book,
the copy you sent me when
we did the radio show.
And I said, that's
what I tell them.
Go to Amazon.
Order it yourself.
>>WOOD: Or the website
wheredidthetowersgo.com.
>>NOORY: And where do we go
in next 20 years as a society?
>>WOOD: It's important that
we all think for ourselves
and think your own thoughts.
And know the difference
between what you're thinking
and what you're told
to think and what
others are thinking around you.
>>NOORY: Let's hope we
pull out of it, Judy.
>>WOOD: Yes.
Because otherwise,
we're extinct.
Oh, I wanted to finish
that comment about the DES.
That wasn't known for--
>>NOORY: Nobody knew.
>>WOOD: --one or
two generations.
>>NOORY: Nobody knew it.
20 years went by.
>>WOOD: Now, think of
what a vaccine might do.
What happens if
everybody become sterile?
That's extinction
of the population.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
Instantly.
>>WOOD: Yep.
>>NOORY: Just like that.
>>WOOD: Without an undo key.
You can't go back x number
of years by the time
you discover the problem.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
being on the program.
>>WOOD: Thank you so
much for having me.
I highly respect
you for that too.
>>NOORY: "Beyond
Belief", it's a program,
of course, that delves into
the mysteries of the unknown.
Dr. Judy Wood has
dedicated her career
to getting answers to things
that we think aren't probable.
You saw the videos.
You've seen the pictures.
What do you think?
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]